Consider the following potential AI problems. For each of them, describe whether the environment is: a) static or dynamic b) fully or partially observable c) episodic or sequential d) deterministic or stochastic. Please explain your reasoning.

A robotic medical assistant that can assist a doctor or nurse. It communicates with patients, administers bloodwork, and takes vitals.
Answer:
a) Static. Just Analyse the data.
b) Partially observable. We just need the result.
c) Episodic. We just need every result.
d) Deterministic. The result has to be true.

An agent that plays poker against a human player. Assume that the cards are digital, and that the player interacts with the agent via a touchscreen.
a) Dynamic. We need to interactive with the game.
b) Partially observable. We just need to know what the AI choose.
c) Sequential. We should sequentially play with the AI.
d) Stochastic. We do not need the actual AI.

An agent that can select TV shows and movies for a user. It watches the user's choices, asks the user to rate shows, and gives new shows the user is predicted to like.
a) Dynamic. We need it to analyse our data sequentially.
b) Fully observable. We need to know how the result born.
c) Sequential. We need it to analyse out data sequentially.
d) Deterministic. We need a actual path to get the result.

A digital chatbot for diagnosing mental health issues. It interacts with the user via SMS and makes a prediction about their mental health based on responses.
a) Dynamic. We need it to analse the data sequentially and change itself sequentially.
b) Fully observable. We need to know how the result born.
c) Sequential. We need it to analyse out data sequentially.
d) Deterministic. We need a actual path to get the result.

A robotic submarine for scientific exploration. It's able to autonomously travel to the ocean floor and collect samples.
a) Dynamic. We need to change it sequentially.
b) Fully observable. We need to control it and check where there are some wrongs.
c) Sequential. We need to control it sequentially.
d) Stochastic. We just want the result and whatever the result is.