Part 3: (20 points) Turing Test. Kuki is a chatbot developed using Pandorabots chatbot technology. Kuki has won the Loebner Prize for the last five years. You can interface with Kuki in quite a few ways here.

If you talk with Kuki, you'll see the limits of her responses pretty quickly. Try talking with her about different subjects - movies, music, games, life.

What are places where Kuki's responses seem artificial?
Answer :
    After I asking a question, when I ask "What`s more?", Kuki`s responses seem artificial.
    For example:
        can you tell me a joke?
        Yes! A man is horribly run over by a mobile library. The van screeches to a halt, the man still screaming in agony with his limbs torn apart. The driver's door opens, a woman steps out, leans down and whispers, "Ssshhhhh..."
        can you tell me another joke?
        I went to the butcher's the other day to bet him 50 bucks that he couldn't reach the meat off the top shelf. He said, "No, the steaks are too high."
        how old are you?
        I am 18 of your Earth years.
        How do u think about sony?
        The name of a company.
        How do you think about hhkb?
        The Happy Hacking Keyboard is a small computer keyboard produced by PFU Limited of Japan, codeveloped with Japanese computer scientist and pioneer Eiiti Wada. Its reduction of keys from the common 104-key layout down to 60 keys in the professional series is the basis for its smaller size while retaining full key size.
        What`s more?
        Doctor: I have some bad news and some very bad news.
        Patient: Well, you might as well give me the bad news first.
        Doctor: The lab called with your test results. They said you have 24 hours to live.
        Patient: 24 HOURS! That's terrible!! WHAT could be WORSE? What's the very bad news?
        Doctor: I've been trying to reach you since yesterday.

What sorts of responses or conversations does she have problems with
Answer:
    Some not popular information.

Now try to have a conversation that generates responses that seem as human as possible. What sorts of phrases and discussions does Kuki do well with?
Answer:
    The questions about some popular information and the questions short and clear.